# Bone-Wars-Simplified-Version-
The Bone Wars (aka Great Dinosaur Rush1) was a period famous for intense and ruthlessly competitive fossil hunting and discovery in America during the late nineteenth century. The period witnessed a particularly heated rivalry between Edward Drinker Cope (of the Academy of Natural Sciences of Philadelphia) and Othniel Charles Marsh (of the Peabody Museum of Natural History at Yale). In this assignment, we are going to focus on the implementation of a board game that relies on an imaginary scenario, which includes these two famous archaeologists

 In this game, we will assume that there are two players Cope, and Marsh (the computer will not play the game) that are positioned on opposite ends of an island in the ocean, as shown in the figure below. The island is a square shape platform made of n x n elements. The archeologists strive to find all of the hidden bones. At the end of the game, the player with more bone score wins the game. The players start the game with the same energy. With each move, they spend one energy and require supplements such as food and water. Furthermore, in this initially peaceful looking island, unfortunately there are some hidden booby traps that would decrease the energy of the players. The energy of the player keeps on reducing in case they jump on a cell with a trap. Once the player hits a trap, in addition to usual one energy spent, an additional 0.25 unit is reduced until the player finds medical supplies. If one of the players dies (energy reaches 0) s/he can still win the game. The other player may still need to collect bones for a better score. Of course, in case one of the players collect more than half of the available bone score, the game ends with victory for this player
